                        ------------------------------------
                                       RAJASTHAN
                        ------------------------------------
BASE CHARGES(FOOD+TRAVEL+OTHER CHARGES)=45000/- (7 Days)
------
Day 1 - Arrival in Jaipur

                As soon as you land in Jaipur, you will be greeted and escorted 
                by an agent's representative to the hotel.
                Complete check-in formalities at the reception and freshen up.
                Now, you will be taken for a lovely sightseeing of the city. Begin 
                with a visit to Birla Temple, one of the largest temples of the city.
                Up next, you will visit Nahargarh Fort for a rendezvous with the
                historic architectural prowess. Top up your trip with a Chokhi 
                Dhani visit. Savor authentic delicacies, enjoy camel rides, and 
                watch live performances here.
------
Day 2 - Jaipur: Explore historical marvels of the city

                Enjoy a lovely breakfast and set off for a full day tour of the 
                city's historical sites. First up is the expansive Amber Fort,
                where you will enjoy an elephant ride to reach the main 
                courtyard. From here, you will proceed to the marvelous Jaigarh
                Fort that is famous for the largest cannon on wheels in the
                world. Next up is the marvelous Hawa Mahal, standing at the
                heart of the old city.
                Later, head to Johari Bazar - the famous jewelry market. Once
                you have enjoyed the day, return to the hotel and hop on to your
                bed for the night.
------
Day 3 - Bikaner: Arrival and a temple trip

                Arise to a hearty breakfast and checkout from the hotel as you
                will be proceeding to Bikaner as per your Rajasthan trip. Once
                you reach, check-in to the hotel and freshen up. In the noon
                time, you will be visiting Karni Mata Temple, included in this
                holiday in Rajasthan.
                The temple is almost 30 km from Bikaner, offering you an
                exceptional experience, where rats are considered sacred
                entities. After this temple visit, come back to your hotel in
                Bikaner for a soothing sleep.
------
Day 4 - Jaisalmer: Arrival & visit to historical placesWake up to a toothsome breakfast and checkout from the hotel
                as you will be heading to Jaisalmer today. On arrival, complete
                check-in formalities at the hotel and refresh before setting off
                for sightseeing. Begin with visiting the Sonar Kila, followed by
                visits to Patwon ki Haveli and Salim Singh Haveli. In the evening,
                enjoy some relaxing time at Gadisar Lake. Later, return to the
                hotel for a soothing sleep.
------
Day 5 - Jaisalmer: To the golden sands

                Savor a delectable morning meal, followed by the hotel
                checkout. Now, get ready for a trip to the Thar Desert.
                Begin with a visit to Bada Bagh as you proceed to the expansive sand dunes.
                By the evening, you will reach Sam Sand Dunes, where a
                lovely sunset will welcome you. Do not miss out on an exciting
                Camel Safari. At night, gorge on scrumptious dinner at the camp,
                followed by soothing folk music and dance.
------
Day 6 - Jodhpur: Set out to visit the Blue City

                Kickstart your day with a hearty breakfast and checkout from
                the tents. Now, you will be transferred to Jodhpur. On arrival,
                an agent's representative will greet and escort you to the hotel.
                Check-in and relax before going for sightseeing as per your
                holiday in Rajasthan. Explore the majestic Mehrangarh Fort,
                which is amongst the biggest forts of the country. Also, visit the
                calming Jaswant Thada in the periphery, which is a cenotaph
                which was built by King
                Sardar Singh in the memory of King Jaswant Singh.
                Later, head to visit the amazing Umaid Bhawan Palace Museum,
                which is housed in the marvelous hotel - Umaid Bhawan Palace.
                Later, go shopping at the local markets of the city before
                heading back to the hotel for a sound sleep.
------
Day 7 - Jodhpur: The trip concludes

                Enjoy one more breakfast at the hotel and checkout. Now, you
                will be transferred back to your hometown. Depart with lovely
                memories and beautiful experiences.
------